Add trinket rules (#154)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: rulebook/src/character-options/gear/README.md

- **Harvest:** Gather an ingredient or essence crystals from the area around you. Each ingredient allows you to create a single, specific affix.
- **Enchant:** Spend an ingredient to add its affix to your gear. You can spend essence crystals to make this process easier.
- **Disenchant:** Salvage a piece of gear to recover an ingredient and some essence crystals.

## Trinkets

Trinkets are non-combat magical items, that can have various effects.
Like arms and armor, trinkets have a gear point cost.
You can have at most **3 + your proficiency bonus** points of trinkets equipped at once.
Trickets can be swapped whenever you rest.
Additionally, if you find a trinket in the wild, you may immediatley swap it for one you have currently equipped.

> Trinkets can be used in combat using the Use Trinket action, although most of them will be useless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trinkets can be used in combat using the Use Trinket action, although most of them will have little practical effect in the middle of a fight.
```
